# Privacy Policy

Last updated: June 24, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the Service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words with initial capital letters have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or plural form.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:


- __Application__ refers to the Discord bot created by the Company, called ChatBot, accessible via the following link: https://discordapp.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX&permissions=8&scope=bot.

- __Company__ referred to as "The Company", "We", "Us", or "Our" in this Agreement is ChatBot.

- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- __Bot__ Alias for the Application.

- __Service__ refers to the Application.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, provide the Service on behalf of the Company, perform services related to the Service, or assist the Company in analyzing.
	

- __Usage Data__ refers to data that is collected automatically, either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __You__ refers to the individual accessing or using the Service.

- __Server Manager__ refers to an individual who has the authority to add/configure the Bot to the server.


# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected



- Usage Data
- Data Collected When Enabled




### Usage Data
This data is collected when the bot is invited. This includes:
- __Guild Data__ - Server ID, Name, Channels, Icon 

Data that is typically collected when you invoke a command run by the bot. The data may include:
- __User Data__ - This includes your ID, name, tag, and avatar information.
- __Message Information__ - For the purposes of the Bot's main functionalities, we store message IDs. Upon request, this data can be deleted.



### Data Collected When Enabled
Additionally, data is collected when a feature is explicitly enabled by the server manager.
- __Message Content (Delete/Edit feature)__ - The content of messages is stored to make certain features of the bot available to the server. This can be disabled by the server manager. Most of the data will only be stored for a short period of time.




## Use of Your Personal Data

We may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including monitoring the usage of our Service.

- __For the performance of a contract:__ the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services you have purchased or of any other contract with us through the service.

- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage your requests to us


## Security of Your Personal Data

The majority of data is stored in password-protected databases like MongoDB. The security of your personal data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Despite our efforts to protect your personal data in a commercially acceptable manner, we cannot guarantee its absolute protection.


# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Prior to the change becoming effective, we will notify you via our support server announcements and/or a prominent notice on our service.

You should check this Privacy Policy from time to time to see if it has been updated. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us.


- By joining the [Support Server](https://discord.gg/8NzFveeWTQ)
- By creating a issue on our [github page](https://github.com/) [//]: # TODO Fix redirect link to new public github repo
- By visiting this page on our website: [https://discord-chatbot.xyz](https://discord.com) [//]: # TODO Fix redirect link
